# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is open-format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week or some of the things that you are still struggling with; identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally reflect on how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?

I'm feeling pretty confident with where I'm at so far with C# and SQL. I definitely still have a long way to go of course, but I was able to accomplish what I needed to this week and I felt good about that.

- What did you learn that was a shock or surprise?

I found our career services lecture this week to have a lot of valuable information in it that I didn't necessary know. Zach gave us a lot of good resources for continuing to improve our resumes, writing cover letters, etc.

- What are you struggling with?

I'm pretty nervous about the upcoming job search, but I will continue to stick to the program and fulfill all the requirements to hopefully set myself up for success there. I think the process is going to be difficult no matter what, but we can mitigate that by being as prepared as possible.

- What would you count as a victory?

I feel like this week just went really well overall. Our entire class seems to be doing a great job and everyone has a pretty positive outlook. I'm really happy to be in the class that I am. The last 10 weeks have been super informative and productive, and I feel proud of all the progress we've made.