# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is open-format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week or some of the things that you are still struggling with; identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally reflect on how you are feeling at this point in the course.


## Prompts
- What went well this week?

  I feel as though I have a pretty decent understanding of APIs in the scenarios that we've used them so far. I feel like I understand the logic of it, even though I still need some practice in manipulating the data that comes in/goes out to fit the structure that each API requires.

- What did you learn that was a shock or surprise?

  APIs in general are something I didn't have any experience with prior to this week, so learning about how they operate and how intuitive RESTful APIs can be was quite interesting. Additionally, learning about query strings was fun because of how many times I've unknowingly seen them in URLs without really knowing what was going on behind the scenes.

- What are you struggling with?

  My biggest struggle with APIs this week has been ensuring that the AppState matches the API when the change occurs, not just after page refresh. For example, we had an issue in Thursday's lab with a put request. All of our logic was correct in the code we had, but we were missing a single line (splicing the array in the AppState) that prevented us from creating the functionality we were looking for. 

- What would you count as a victory?

  Wednesday's lab was a great success for me. I think the styling I did was pretty good, and all of my API requests and draw functions behaved how I wanted them to. I also used a dynamic template on my Greg's List lab, it was the first time I'd made a template quite like that and it allowed me to eliminate a lot of unnecessary lines of code.