# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is open-format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week or some of the things that you are still struggling with; identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally reflect on how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?

This week went pretty well overall. We had our first hackathon and that came with its own set of challenges, but I felt proud of the product that we came out of it with.

- What did you learn that was a shock or surprise?

After spending so much time working on front-end development, then starting to get into the back-end side of things, I was surprised at how rusty I felt going back into front-end during the hackathon. I just need some more practice switching between the two and remembering which functions are required for each side of things. I know the information I need to get it done, it was just surprisingly tough to switch between the two within a small amount of time.

- What are you struggling with?

Again, just getting some more practice with remembering the syntax of functions where I'm pulling data from a database, vs functions where I'm working on the server-side and managing the flow of data from that database. I feel pretty comfortable at this point, but I'm sure that will continue to get better over time.

- What would you count as a victory?

I felt that our team had some struggles during the hackathon with communication and planning, but I feel that by the end of it we had an application that we were all proud of. It was definitely a good exercise in overcoming the challenges that can accompany a group project, as well as the importance of timeboxing and making sure that things are staying on schedule.