# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is open-format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week or some of the things that you are still struggling with; identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally reflect on how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?

This week was great, I felt up-to-speed with the review lectures we had this week, and we learned a few extra C# tricks which will definitely come in handy on this checkpoint.

- What did you learn that was a shock or surprise?

I'm really loving C# overall. We learned how to utilize the COUNT() functionality and that will be a great tool to have once I practice and nail down the syntax.

- What are you struggling with?

The thing I'm most nervous about at this point has got to be the career services side of things. I'm nervous for the day when we have to present our elevator pitches to the class and for the mock interview. I'm sure it'll be fine, I can just get anxious at times when it comes to public speaking. But I usually worry more that it's worth, so I'm trying to remind myself that the wait is usually worse than the thing itself.

- What would you count as a victory?

After being assigned our checkpoint this morning, I was able to get to a point where all the postman tests are passing, including the stretch goals. I really look forward to being able to dive into the front end this weekend and I'm proud of the strong start I got on this project. It's crazy how much we've all learned in the past 11 weeks.