# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is open-format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week or some of the things that you are still struggling with; identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally reflect on how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?

My experience with the checkpoint overall was a very positive one. I felt very prepared to tackle the challenges of this checkpoint using the knowledge I've gained about Vue and Node, and I was able to implement a lifecycle hook I had never used before. (onBeforeUnmount)

- What did you learn that was a shock or surprise?

The most shocking thing to me was how many possible ways there are for something to go wrong. It feels like the number of potential errors grows exponentially with each new page, component, and function call.

- What are you struggling with?

The main errors I was experiencing throughout the project had to do with ensuring that my information had been retrieved from the API before utilizing it. Having multiple errors for undefined variables was definitely a struggle, but I'm also proud to say I was able to resolve these issues and learn from them.

- What would you count as a victory?

One of the things I'm proudest about with this checkpoint is how smoothly everything went. I didn't run into many problems at all when I was writing the backend, I actually had all my postman tests passing by 10am on our first full work-day, then I was able to shift all my attention to the front end which was of course more time consuming. I'm proud of my end result.