# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is open-format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week or some of the things that you are still struggling with; identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally reflect on how you are feeling at this point in the course.


## Prompts
- What went well this week?

JavaScript can be tricky but I feel like I'm definitely getting the hang of utilizing the right methods to accomplish what I'm trying to do. I also learned some new array methods this week that are very useful and I look forward to finding more applications for those.

- What did you learn that was a shock or surprise?

Media Queries were slightly confusing to me at first. During our Boss Monster lab, we had a problem that we were able to solve using Media Queries and I had a 'click' moment with it where I saw the distinction in functionality vs using `document.getElementById`, for example.

- What are you struggling with?

I'm still working on slowing down and better planning my projects to avoid repetitive code. For example, when I'll need to use a template in JavaScript to inject some data into my HTML, I sometimes forget to structure my HTML in a way that will be easily receptive to that. I end up going back and restructuring to address this issue, but it could be prevented by better forethought and simply more practice.

- What would you count as a victory?

This week, I hit all 12 of the core requirements and a couple of the stretch goals for the checkpoint before I even left for the day on Friday. This made me feel like I really am getting the hang of Bootstrap structure, classes, and JavaScript logic. It also gave me some time this weekend to continue to work on those stretch goals and think of some creative solutions to achieve them.
