# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is open-format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week or some of the things that you are still struggling with; identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally reflect on how you are feeling at this point in the course.


## Prompts
- What went well this week?

We finished our capstone this week, and I feel really proud of all the work that our group put in. Everyone did a great job throughout the process, from planning to putting the finishing touches on. Our group had great communication and we all had a really productive and fun time over these last two weeks.

- What did you learn that was a shock or surprise?

This week, we really got to experience the full process of building an application from start to finish. The planning phase definitely took a lot more time than I had originally anticipated, and it of course ended up being one of the more important steps in the process. We also worked with so many new APIs over these last couple weeks that were structured very differently than what we've been accustomed to using prior in the course. It was interesting to read the documentation and work through our problems with those.

- What are you struggling with?

Some of the APIs we integrated towards the end of the project ended up being really tricky to work with. We had also made an attempt to integrate blur hash into our site, but we didn't quite get there. The first map API I worked with was also very robust, but we couldn't quite get it working so we had to switch gears. I look forward to continuing to try to work with some of these more difficult tools in a future project, and hopefully getting the hang of it.

- What would you count as a victory?

I think our group's progress on this project as a whole is a great victory. We overcame many struggles and we're all really proud of the final project. We look forward to actually deploying the site in the near future.