# Final Reflection
The final week, the final day of coursework. How did it go? Are you ready for career week?

## Prompts
- What went well this week?

This week overall went pretty smoothly. I was pretty nervous for the final as we were coming up to it, but I felt well prepared with everything that we've learned these past few months.

- What did you learn that was a shock or surprise?

When working on the Design/Accessibility requirements for the checkpoint, I was using the lighthouse tool to analyze each of my pages, and I ended up doing a fair amount of reading about some different ARIA/accessibility practices that I wasn't previously aware of. That's definitely something that I'd like to continue learning about and considering as I write my applications.

- What are you struggling with?

Now that we're past the point of having structured assignments to complete and it's up to us to find various ways to be productive, I'm really seeing how much I'm going to have to think about my priorities and structure my days in order to maintain the amount of productivity I'd like to. I definitely want to determine a schedule to make sure I stay on track and continue to make progress after graduation.

- What would you count as a victory?

With how close we're getting to the end, I can't help but look back on the course as a whole. I feel proud of everything I learned and the fact that I was able to overcome my initial hesitation/nervousness/fear about starting the course. I'm really proud that I actually did something to open up a new avenue when I was unhappy with the industry I was in.