# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is open-format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week or some of the things that you are still struggling with; identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally reflect on how you are feeling at this point in the course.


## Prompts
- What went well this week?

When we were first introduce to the MVC structure on Monday, I felt pretty lost and a little intimidated. I went home and did a fair amount of research that night, and I feel like throughout the week I've been grasping the concepts much better. I feel proud to have built up a somewhat decent understanding of it, though it's still a large topic.

- What did you learn that was a shock or surprise?

Learning about observer patterns was a highlight for me. I was immediately thinking back to other projects we've worked on and seeing the multiple use cases for it. I look forward to continuing that exploration.

- What are you struggling with?

We read about proxy objects for one of our journals but we didn't discuss them too much in class. I understand the get and set principles, but the trap and handler have me a little confused. I'd like to do a little more research and I'm sure I'll get there.

- What would you count as a victory?

Going back to yesterday's partner lab, I felt that we did a great job of working together and efficiently. I felt proud of the product we had by the time the lab had ended. Additionally, just the progress made with understanding the MVC structure overall.