# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is open-format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week or some of the things that you are still struggling with; identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally reflect on how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?

  Our first week of Vue went great. It's a very dynamic framework that allows a lot of flexibility in design and functionality. I feel confident going into checkpoint day.

- What did you learn that was a shock or surprise?

  The fact that we no longer have to write out draw functions in Vue both surprised and delighted me. I also really enjoy the fact that we have reusable components that can be accessed where needed. I look forward to learning even more about the capabilities of this framework to more fully utilize them.

- What are you struggling with?

  Vue does still take a lot of conscious effort and some references in terms of deciding on the proper steps to take or tools to utilize in order to achieve the desired end-product. I need to spend some more time reading the docs and studying so I can memorize more of the utilities and their syntax. This will help me move a little quicker and more precisely.

- What would you count as a victory?

  During Thursday's partner lab, we ran into multiple issues that we were able to work through. We also successfully utilized a bootstrap modal component with a slot tag that had another component within it. Our intention was to use that slot tag to populate different form/modal content depending on the current route of the page.